README.md, before:

## Your Name

A sentence about who and what you are. Then a sentence about what you've achieved. And then a sentence about what you're looking for: what you would ideally be doing, with whom and in what environment.

## Skills

#### This Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (start_date to end_date)

- Curious and passionate about code. [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]
- Fast, independent learner [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]
- Great collaborator [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]

- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### Your University / College (start_date to end_date)

- Subject, any specialisms
- Grade
- Other cool stuff

#### Any other qualifications

## Experience

**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)    
*Your job title*  
**Company Name** (start_date to end_date)   
*Your job title*

Commit message:

Statement, Project, Education and experience udpated

README.md, after:

## Hui-An Yang

Junior full-stack software developer recently switch to the tech industry from supply chain management



Experienced working with cross-functional teams, diverse of people and managing the biggest account in a wholesale company.  As a fresh graduate of Makers Academy, I am seeking a role in an agile team to build my skill, bring ideas to life and add value to the company.

## Project
| Project                                                            | Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Technologies                                                                                                                        |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Facebook Clone](https://github.com/anhuiyang/acebook-team-rocket) | A two weeks of agile development group project on learning Ruby on Rails from scratch. (We also spent two days trying to stretch to a [React front-end](https://github.com/anhuiyang/Acebook-team-rocket-frontend))  | Ruby, Rails, React, Heroku, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, Rspec-Rails, Capybara, Rubocop, Simplecov, Travis CI, Management: Trello         |
| [Event Planner](https://github.com/anhuiyang/event_planner_app)    | A 3 days of TDD vanilla Javascript single page app .                                                                                                                                                          | Javascript, Jasmine, ESlint                                                                                                         |
| [Alexa Quiz App](https://github.com/anhuiyang/alexa_node_js_quiz)  | A one and a half week of Amazon Alexa customs skill group project                                                                                                                                                          | Node.js, Voice User Interface, Alexa developer console, AWS Lambda, Mocha, ESlint, Alexa Skill Test Framework, VirtualAlexa, Trello |

## Skills

#### This Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- Experience
- Achievements
- Evidence

#### Another Skill

Descriptive paragraph of how capable you are at this skill and, if relevant, how it has developed.

- I achieved A during my work at B (job, or otherwise)
- I contributed to the growth of X while doing Y (job, or otherwise)
- I built this, made this, broke this, fixed this, etc.
- A link to some on-line evidence (blogs, videos, articles, etc.)

## Education

#### Makers Academy (start_date to end_date)

- Curious and passionate about code. [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]
- Fast, independent learner [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]
- Great collaborator [PROVIDE EVIDENCE]

- OOP, TDD, MVC, DDD
- Agile/XP
- Ruby, Rails, JavaScript
- RSpec, Jasmine

#### National Taichung University of Science and Technology (Sep 2009 - Jun 2013)

- Bachelor, Accounting Information Systems

#### Any other qualifications

## Experience

**Kacoo Fashion Ltd.** (Sep 2017 – Oct 2018)    
*Import Merchandiser*, Manchester, U.K.
 - Managed key accounts critical path to forecast and troubleshoot issues
 - Communicated with sales, design and technical teams to smooth production
 - Handled customer request and work with factories to fulfil target price, quality and lead-time
 - Liaised with the customer to update order status and follow-up fit, lab-dip and shipment sample approval
 - Monitored weekly shipment from factories and coordinated goods delivery plan to customers
 
**Sports City International Inc.** (Dec 2014 – May 2017)   
*Purchasing Specialist*, Taipei, Taiwan  
 - Handled raw material ordering and shipments globally for a $4M account
 - Secured over $300K in revenue by trouble-shooting raw material quality issues impacting delivery
 - Reduced inventory carrying cost by monitored obsolete material proactively
 - Improved machine utilization and efficiency by expediting raw material acquisition plan
 - Trained and mentored new recruit to work independently in three months
